Video: https://youtu.be/As8v57sQx8Q
File: https://github.com/starttraining/code/blob/main/intro_multimodal_embeddings-v2.0.0.ipynb

In this lab, you explore:

Vertex AI Text Embeddings API.
Vertex AI Multimodal Embeddings API (Images & Video).
Building simple search with e-commerce data
Find product based on text query.
Find product based on image.
Find Video based on video.

Task 1. Open the notebook in Vertex AI Workbench
In the Google Cloud console, on the Navigation menu (Navigation menu icon), click Vertex AI > Workbench.

Find the Workbench instance name instance and click on the Open JupyterLab button.

The JupyterLab interface for your Workbench instance opens in a new browser tab.

Note: If you do not see notebooks in JupyterLab, please follow these additional steps to reset the instance:
1. Close the browser tab for JupyterLab, and return to the Workbench home page.

2. Select the checkbox next to the instance name, and click Reset.

3. After the Open JupyterLab button is enabled again, wait one minute, and then click Open JupyterLab.

Task 2. Set up the notebook
Open the notebook name file.

In the Select Kernel dialog, choose Python 3 from the list of available kernels.

Run through the Getting Started and the Import libraries sections of the notebook.

For Project ID, use Project ID, and for Location, use Region.
Note: You can skip any notebook cells that are noted Colab only. If you experience a 429 response from any of the notebook cell executions, wait 1 minute before running the cell again to proceed.
Task 3. Generate Text Embeddings
In this section, you explore the Text Embeddings API of Gemini.

Run through the Generate Text Embeddings section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Get the length and first five elements of the text embedding.

Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Compare similarity of text examples using cosine similarity.

Task 4. Generate Image Embeddings
In this section, you explore the Multimodal Embedding API of Gemini.

Run through the Generate Image Embeddings section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Generate Image Embeddings.

Task 5. Find product based on text query
Run through the Find product based on text query section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Find product based on text query.

Task 6. Generate Video Embeddings
Run through the Generate Video Embeddings section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Generate Video Embeddings.

Task 7. Find videos based on text search query
Run through the Find videos based on text search query section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Find videos based on text search query.

Task 8. Find Similar videos
Run through the Find Similar videos section of the notebook.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Find Similar videos.

